I implore you
Hands together
Kill the real disaster
Since you can't
They don't want to kill themselves.
Then I'll give you another one today
Wild monster, it seems that you are determined to get things done
Don't blame me for waiting strictly to kill you
What nonsense
Fire up your hands
Take him down
You deserve it too
Absorbed the energy of the dragon vein
I can finally spit fire
If it weren't for the fact that I had thousands of years of cultivation experience in my previous life
Wouldn't say that
Grandpa, what's going on?
Could it be that this is Di Renjie?
Whoever wants to enter the Mysterious Cloud Realm is the Saint's Day
Is it me?
Congratulations to Mr. Yang
Elder He Xi
I'm going to have a human fairy
When did I become so big?
Guess again
I'll get through the calamity first
Nonsense
This is a fairy robbery
We just broke through the five supreme cultivation bases
How is it possible to cross the tribulation
This fairy robbery
Nine deaths
Even I don't dare to try it lightly
Left hand is yang
The right hand is yin
Intersection of Yin and Yang
Reborn
You are going through the tribulation
Courtiers are refined
Only by ranking among the gods can you overcome the calamity
You actually want to cross the tribulation on the spot
Hundred Days Ascension
Ye Huan wants to die, don't implicate us here
Soldiers Thunder will turn us all into pieces
request